I want the two of these out of my store.
Of course.
Oh, come on.
Sir, ma'am, I'm afraid I have to ask you to leave?
Well, we're not leaving, okay?
Hey, hey!
It's an over, Laura!
Could I try the dress on now?
Of course, Miss Lewis.
You just follow me.
Miss Lewis, this dress really was made for you.
Laura, you look breathtaking in this dress.
Brian, why would you do all of this?
Oh, with this, for me?
Laura, because you deserve everything beautiful in the world,
and that includes this dress.
Thank you.
Will you give us a chance to see where things could go?
I need a moment.
Perhaps we could talk some more about this after the investment meeting?
Does that mean it could be a yes?
Maybe.